Update match.md (#7849)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/full-text/match.md

`analyzer` | String | The [analyzer]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/index/) used to tokenize the query string text. Default is the index-time analyzer specified for the `default_field`. If no analyzer is specified for the `default_field`, the `analyzer` is the default analyzer for the index.
`boost` | Floating-point | Boosts the clause by the given multiplier. Useful for weighing clauses in compound queries. Values in the [0, 1) range decrease relevance, and values greater than 1 increase relevance. Default is `1`.
`enable_position_increments` | Boolean | When `true`, resulting queries are aware of position increments. This setting is useful when the removal of stop words leaves an unwanted "gap" between terms. Default is `true`.

> `fuzziness` | String | The number of character edits (insert, delete, substitute, transpose) that it takes to change one word to another when determining whether a term matched a value. For example, the distance between `wined` and `wind` is 1. Valid values are non-negative integers or `AUTO`. The default, `AUTO`, chooses a value based on the length of each term and is a good choice for most use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fuzziness` | String | The number of character edits (insertions, deletions, substitutions, or transpositions) that it takes to change one word to another when determining whether a term matched a value. For example, the distance between `wined` and `wind` is 1. Valid values are non-negative integers or `AUTO`. The default, `AUTO`, chooses a value based on the length of each term and is a good choice for most use cases.
```
